Add Remix SDK docs (#5247)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/sourcemaps/upload/primer/javascript.remix.mdx

> On release, call `sentry-upload-sourcemaps` to upload source maps and create a release. 

Reviewer: Let's refer to this as `yarn sentry-upload-sourcemaps` (or npm version of this) as using it as `sentry-upload-sourcemaps` won't work.

<Alert level="warning">
  

> `sentry-upload-sourcemaps` requires either [`env` variables](https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/configuration/#configuration-values) or a valid `.sentryclirc` file to pick up your project ID, organization ID and token. You can create `.sentryclirc` file with necessary configuration, as documented on this [page](https://docs.sentry.io/product/cli/configuration/).

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure why this note isn't rendering properly in the preview, but I've simplified your links in the meantime. We can check how it's rendering after you've committed this change.

```suggestion
`sentry-upload-sourcemaps` requires either [`env` variables](/product/cli/configuration/#configuration-values) or a valid `.sentryclirc` file to pick up your project ID, organization ID, and token. You can create the `.sentryclirc` file with necessary configuration, as documented on this [page](/product/cli/configuration/).
```

</Alert>

To see more details on how to use the command, call `yarn sentry-upload-sourcemaps --help`.

> For more advanced configuration, [directly use `sentry-cli` to upload source maps.](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cli).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more advanced configuration, [use `sentry-cli` directly to upload source maps.](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cli).
```
